the herb Pharm
could one of America's most celebrated
dining events have sprung from a single
pot of chives yes my friend for you see
such other quirks of life
those are junctures those faint traces
that reveal themselves only in the
rearview mirror of time our story begins
in 1973 when bill and Lola Zimmerman buy
a rundown dairy farm in the little town
of full city 20 miles east of Seattle Oh
such a serene and bucolic place they are
to return Oh such as that good but one
fateful spring days Lola pushes a
squeaky old wheelbarrow of chive plants
out to the street she offers them for
sale a simple sign will do an honor jar
to collect the coins the jar fills a--
so lola grows more herbs and over the
years with the help of bill the little
nursery prospers and offers over 300
different kinds of herb plants now we
fast forward to 1986 early that year the
Zimmermann son Ron and his wife Carrie
van Dijk joined the farm
they spent the winter remodeling an
unused garage they make it into a
charming little space a restaurant this
restaurant which they call the herb farm
serves only foods from the area herbs
and vegetables from their gardens wild
forage plants and mushrooms and local
meats and seafood and as if it beautiful
magics that is found within the herbs
they're little place becomes special
famous in fact people come from afar
tables are booked months in advance then
on the night of January 7th 1997 while
the restaurant is closed and ramen
carrier settling down to a meal in a
local Chinese restaurant eager to
celebrate the end up keep trying weeks
of wind storms power outages and
flooding the cellphone in carries purse
begins to ring it is Lola Zimmermann
Carrie Carrie come quick the herb farm
is on fire when the woman Kerry arrived
against all hope they see a terrible
orange glow roiling from within the
bowels of the building the volunteer
firemen are already there with great
effort they turned the valve on the fire
hydrant across the room dry not a drop
comes out nobody ever knows why and the
flames Blacksburg years of work and the
little restaurant are lost to the Battle
of that night
alight rain falls the firemen leave the
building is gone but not the dreams for
three years
ramen Carrie Carrie on rising from the
ashes they improvise working first from
a tent and then within a local winery
all the while they try to rebuild but
the zoning bar is set higher and higher
they finally have to sell the farm but
they do build again it is a new person
assembled from antique parts gathered
from around the world
it is their renewed vision still in the
country still the local foods this time
in the rural town of Woodinville and so
as in the beginning the herb farm tends
its organic farm guests wander the
kitchen gardens next to the restaurant
offering snacks to the pet pot-bellied
pigs and the Herb Farm offers expanded
pleasures a wine cellar to explore
private dining spaces and overnight
sweets for guests who come from
throughout the world to partake in the 9
course dinner from the ashes from that
single part of herbes the herb farm is
now America's only Five Diamond
restaurant north of San Francisco and
west of Chicago Ron and Kerry invite you
come experience the herb farm partake of
the magic
you